# TRACE-Framework
TRACE: A Framework to Assist Auditors in Evaluating Regulatory Compliance


Regulations such as the MAS TRM Guidelines for Cloud Outsourcing, operate with the force of the law. Financial Service Institutions (FSI’s) need to be compliant with such regulations. As part of their compliance procedures, FSIs create internal policy documents based on the regulatory requirements, and mandate internal teams to follow these policies. Internal teams follow these policies and provide proof of their adherence to such policies through a set of evidence documents. During an audit, an auditor makes a compliance judgement by evaluating whether the evidence documents satisfy the regulatory requirements. If the auditor determines that these documents meet the requirements, the FSI is considered compliant with the regulation.

TRACE, a Technical Regulatory Assessment and Compliance Evaluation framework is meant to assist in the compliance judgement. Central to the evaluation mechanism is a 2-phase prompting technique called “Regulatory Prompting”, inspired by the work on Legal Syllogism Prompting. In phase 1, we define the major premise to be a regulatory requirement, a minor premise to be the assertion in the policy documents, and a judgement if the policy documents reflect the regulatory requirements. In phase 2, we define the major premise to be requirements in the policy documents, a minor premise to be the assertion in the evidence documents, and a judgement if the evidence documents reflect the policy requirements. The results of phases 1 and 2 are combined to provide a compliance judgement, i.e., decide if the evidence documents satisfy the regulatory requirements. 
